Spare the Dead
You want revenge?
Sonny, you overestimate yourself.
In front of my heavenly strength
What do you take revenge for?
But
Since you miss your extinct clan so much
I can help you with that
After I absorb the four elves on you
I'll take you down to meet them
Want to get cleaned up
dream
combustion life
Are you doing the same tricks as you did back then?
Unfortunately, it's still just a picture.
Let him go!
Take a look.
You don't even have the ability to avenge your father
I really don't know why I fought so hard to protect it in the first place
I don't think you should be exposed as a scourge
otherwise
They won't die at my hands because of you
court death
senior brother
Be nice to me after absorbing the four managers
You can log in to Zhenglong
Heaven and earth
I am alone
Hahahahaha
As for you
Just die?
Demon Surrender
Hurry up
swallow